Adds hipaa user session timeout behavior [DOC-743] (#5570)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/segment-app/iam/concepts.md

A Segment *Team Member* is an individual with access to a workspace. A Segment user can be associated with one or more workspaces, either as an `owner` or `member` of each.
Check out the [roles documentation](/docs/segment-app/iam/roles) for a complete list of roles.

> The user session for a Segment Team Member is 7 days. HIPAA eligible workspaces enforces an automatic 15 minutes session for inactivity.
> 
> If a user would like to access a specific non-HIPAA eligible workspace adhering to the standard Segment session, the user can create an alias (for example `name+workspace@gmail.com`).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user session for a Segment Team Member is 7 days. Team Members in a [HIPAA eligible workspace](/docs/privacy/hipaa-eligible-segment/) have a 15 minute user session across all workspaces.

If you are a Team Member in a HIPAA eligible workspace and want to access a non-HIPAA eligible workspace with a 7 day user session, you can create an alias (for example `name+workspace@gmail.com`).
```

Author: Updated in 83405229ed244bba36d26506243e74536f70eb7e
